DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Masquerade Unmasked!\"
MASQUERADE: Goodbye, Dan.
Goodbye?
Where am I?
I don't know how I got here.
Alice!
Oh no!
I don't understand!
What was I doing?
I can't remember anything!
[gasps]
Now it all makes sense!
Alice was Masquerade all along.
Come on!
Our Alice?
No way!
Hal-G!
He's ugly!
Is that...? It's HAL-G!
Grandfather...
It is time to go Alice.
Come with me!
My dear...
Don't you realize that Masquerade's personality
will always be a part of you.
Masquerade's personality?
Is a part of me?
Hey ugly!
You leave her alone!
[screaming]
You okay Dan!
Do you remember that day Alice, so long ago?
I was in my laboratory
and I had just returned from Vestroia,
and I wanted to leave a record
of what I had seen in that dimension...
[beep]
What I'm about to reveal here today, is true...
My research into the development of a Dimension
Transporter System is a complete success!
The tests, achieved more than I hoped for,
or even dreamed of...
I can now transport anything I want from a place far away
to anywhere in the universe.
Hey we heard all about this
at Alice's grandpappy's mansion!
Don't you guys remember?
I see...
So you saw my testimonial.
But there's more you need to know.
And so...
I believe that these Bakugan creatures can only appear
in our world in the form of a ball.
Also...
Only on the battlefield, which has the same
dimensional structure as Vestroia,
can they go back to their original form.
[buzzing]
I wasn't able to finish my research statement
because during the time that I recorded my testimonial,
a Mega Dimensional Nova was occurring on Vestroia.
Mega Dimensional Nova?
That's right!
Obviously you've heard of that before haven't you?
It's the phenomenon that occurred when Naga tried
to take control of the Infinity Core
as well as the Silent Core.
[evil laugh]
Yes, it's good...
Now if I absorb the power of the \"Infinity Core\",
I'll have total...
[scream]
No!
I didn't expect the negative power of the \"Silent Core\"
to be this great!
I won't be able to control it for much longer!
[screaming]
It's... absorbing... me!
That was a very dark day that I will never forget.
What?
What's happening?
Why is a Darkus Bakugan in Pyrus space?
DRAGO: That was the day, Dan and I first met...
What is this place?
Yes I remember that day...
That was when I saw the Infinity Core cross
into the human world...
WAVERN: And it changed me forever...
ALL: Huh?
Things were never the same after I was drawn
into the Infinity Core.
[screaming]
Massive negative power from the Mega Dimensional Nova
was released...
It passed through the Dimension Transporter System
and contaminated my laboratory.
Then Alice arrived.
Yes... [buzzer]
How are you Grandfather?
Alice was completely unaware that her life
was never going to be the same after that day.
A flood of negative energy filled the lab
and surrounded us.
It changed my body and that is how I became Hal-G!
And I changed too.
That's right... Alice...
You changed.
You took on the separate personality
known as Masquerade.
Hold on... I remember!
You never finished that story
you recorded in your lab.
Hey! Come back!
So what happened next?
Oh well...
At least we know Alice's grandfather
went to Vestroia right?
That's something.
I'm sorry.
Alice...
It's okay, there's no need for you to apologize.
Hello there!
Grandfather?
My name is HAL-G...
Bow down before me!
HAL-G?
Together with the great Naga...
The human world...
And Vestroia will be destroyed!
[evil laughter]
MARUCHO: Everyone, quick!
Come here and take a look at this!
I found something!
I'll zoom in so you can see it better.
Look there!
-That's... -Masquerade!
When Naga triggered the Mega Dimensional Nova
he started the destruction of Vestroia
and created a second identity of Alice known as Masquerade.
I remember now...
I do...
I remember everything.
I can grant you any wish with these cards here.
All you have to do is use them!
Hey Alice!
[laugh]
Runo? Marucho?
Where are you guys?
Calm down, Dan.
Runo and Marucho have disappeared.
How do you expect me to stay calm?
Dan! Where are you going?
I'm going to find them!
Oh no Dan, wait for us!
We'll come and help you!
Any luck? No!
Anyone there?
Guess it was a mouse.
MASQUERADE: Ha! Those two look lost.
I'm coming in Alice, I've made you some oatmeal.
Alice?
That's funny I didn't see her go out?
So this whole time I've been Masquerade.
[crying]
Alice...
I know why she didn't remember before.
Alice?
What is it? Alice?
It's okay...
I'm fine.
I guess I'm just a little tired today.
I lied... I'm sorry.
It wasn't you...
It was Masquerade.
It's all my fault!
Remember when I ... was in...
I just don't feel like myself.
It's so strange.
Huh?
Help me...
I don't know who I am anymore.
Well... Don't worry...
You don't have to listen to Masquerade ever again.
WAVERN: Your friends will take care of you now Alice.
But how can all of you ever forgive me...
Oh no...
I did so many bad things!
Well... You proved one thing...
Masquerade knew where to find us...
Because you were him!
[crying]
HAL-G: Alice.
It's time to go home!
Let's go back to the mansion in the forest.
Grandfather?
[laughing]
Come along my dear.
No Alice! Don't go!
[evil laugh]
[scream]
Don't be afraid!
Now that everyone knows who you are...
The only place for you to be is with me
where you rightfully belong!
So...Alice...
Be a good girl and come along now.
No! She stays here!
Alice is still Alice!
And she's gonna stay here with us!
Dan?
Don't you go Alice!
You're a Brawler!
Stay here!
You're part of the team now!
Don't go!
Yeah we need you Alice!
Thank you I want to stay.
No...
How can any of you ever trust me again?
No! Wait!
Goodbye, everyone...
All right Grandfather, I'm ready!
Alice! Don't go!
No!
Goodbye Brawlers!
[evil laugh]
No!
Alice!
Come back!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be back
after these messages!
Now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
RUNO: Alice has only been gone for a few days now
but it seems a lot longer...
We thought we might find her back at her grandfather's lab
but she wasn't there.
I really miss her and I can't stop thinking about her.
Where are you Alice?
... Where are you?
Please come back to us.
We forgive you for everything.
If only there was some way we could let you know.
MARUCHO: The summer vacation is over.
Julie's gone back home and Shun's back at his place again.
Thank you.
Our families sure are glad to see us again though...
She's... Home!
[laughter]
[chirping]
But strange weather patterns have been happening
all over the world...
Scientists have been trying to figure them out,
so far no one's come up with any explanation
for it all...
It's like the whole world has been turned upside down.
The new school year should have started but it's so hot
all the schools are still closed.
Grownups are starting to worry because they realize
something is seriously wrong...
The world has changed.
DRAGO: I know the real reason behind this bizarre weather.
Vestroia is collapsing
and its decay is causing the erosion of the human world.
DAN: This problem is affecting everyone on the planet.
And that's when my Mom and Dad decided they had to get
the word out about Bakugan.
That's right...
I have something important to tell you all!
Marucho's parents were all ears...
As were Runo's folks,
and so was Joe's Mom.
And Julie's parents were in,
and even though it took a while,
eventually Shun's grandfather was willing to listen.
They were shocked but in the end they all understood
that the Bakugan were real.
And even tried to help them.
Then one day...
While our parents were meeting,
something horrible began to happen on Vestroia.
NAGA: I can feel it. I feel the power.
The power of the Silent Core's energy
is flowing through me!
But I need the Infinity Core's power
to complete my plan.
I must have both of them.
Can you hear me my sister.
Listen to me Wavern!
I want the power of the Infinity Core!
Give it to me!
I've waited long enough.
If you won't bring the Infinity Core to me
then I'll come take it from you!
[scream]
WAVERN: No Naga!
You can't have it!
[grunting]
Wavern!
My body, it's burning up!
It's okay! I'm right here now!
The Infinity Core within me...
it's resonating with the Silent Core
connected to my brother...
We must hurry or Naga...
Naga will cross over to this world!
Don't worry...
Just relax now.
[loud crash]
REPORTER: Right now we're flying above the Pacific Ocean
and what I'm seeing is truly amazing!
I just learned that late last night,
a gigantic \"hole\" opened up in the middle of the ocean
and swallowed an entire cargo ship!
Rescuers are currently searching for survivors!
Let's get a closer look.
We're in the center of the hole but I still can't see
the bottom of it!
No one we've spoken to seems to know where this hole
came from or why it's even here!
The wind is blowing hard out here
so we're going to head back!
My report will continue stay tuned!
I have some breaking news coming in...
All right go ahead Miss Beverly.
I'm coming to you from the hospital where the surviving
crew members of the cargo ship have been taken.
Luckily all crew members have been rescued...
It's a real miracle folks!
Let's get a word from the Navigation Officer!
[scream]
A monster! A monster!
Arghh!
And now over to you in the studio.
We'll be back after these messages.
We should really tell them everything Wavern.
DAN: That's right Marucho!
MARUCHO: I don't believe it.
You're alleging that, that giant hole in the middle of
the ocean leads to Vestroia?
WAVERN: Why yes, I'm afraid so.
DRAGO:So that means Vestroia and the human world
are now connected...
Then that means...
Naga can come through.
Yes...
He'll probably try and cross over very soon...
And he'll be looking for the Infinity Core.
And he won't stop until he finds it!
I don't like the sound of that!
That's not good!
Yeah that's bad!
So what should we do Dan?
Any ideas?
We don't have much time!
Okay!
... If we all go into that hole...
That'll take us to Vestroia, right?
ALL: Uh huh.
Dan you're not thinking what I think you're thinking,
are you?
Face it Drago we can't just sit around here and wait
for Naga to come to us.
We strike first!
All of us are going in after him!
ALL: Yeah!
Right! Let's do it!
I'm sorry Dan,
I really want to
but I won't be coming with you guys this time.
Aw that's okay...
Somebody's got to stay here and hold down the fort...
And we're all counting on you.
No problem.
[laughs]
Joe look after Wavern too okay?
Sure... You bet!
You be careful, Drago.
I will.
So let's see...
We've got here...
Cough drops...
You'll need them...
Ah! Where's the first aid kit?
Don't worry Dad, we'll be fine.
We'll be home in no time...
Just wait and see.
[crying] My baby!
There, there now.
See ya soon Mom and Dad.
Yes... We're so proud of you son.
You certainly are becoming quite a fine young man.
All right... Stay safe!
I will!
Be careful.
Of course.
Dan...
We'll both be thinking of you...
You do your best!
And don't let anything stand in your way!
We know you'll succeed...
And when you finally get back...
We'll be here.
Great!
There's nothing to worry about,
we'll keep them all safe.
Thank you...
Take care now.
Okay see you soon.
Bye!
P.A. VOICE: Warning! Warning!
Please clear the launch site!
Firing main engines!
One and two!
Main gate open!
[various goodbyes]
Hey...
Come... Back!
Come back Runo!
You forgot this!
Come on!
Can't you see me holding this up?
KATO: I'll be picking up Master Shun at his dojo now sir.
DAN: Hey check it out!
Look at all the bright lights!
RUNO: Give it rest would ya Dan.
KATO: Sir I'll be setting the plane down here
to pick up Miss Julie.
Standby.
[\u266a]
I'm ready for action!
KATO: Sir we're approaching our destination.
RUNO: So that's it?
TIGRERRA: The negative energy coming off it is very strong.
I can feel it all around me.
PREYAS: It's giving me the heebie jeebies!
ANGELO: I guess there's no turning back now.
DIABLO: You want to turn back!
Ha! Not me! This is gonna be fun!
Come on Kato!
Let's do this!
Yes... Yes... Right away sir.
All right...
I expect everyone to be back for dinner...
I'll be making a batch of my world famous liver kabobs
so don't be late!
[laughter]
Go!
Okay! Are you ready?
ALL: Yeah!
[laughing]
Wooooo!
[\u266a]
ALICE: Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
I've decided to get as far away from my friends as possible.
I'm so ashamed of what I did when I was Masquerade
that I can hardly bare it.
But where will I go?
I need to find some new friends
who don't know about my past.
I don't want to give myself away but I'm still haunted
by visions of Masquerade.
I don't know who I am anymore.
There's only one way to find out
and that's with a Bakugan Brawl!
If I can win this battle then maybe I can feel
like my old self again.
This is my last chance and I gotta go for it!